it's time to spring into something
delicious with hellofresh every week you
get fresh pre-portioned ingredients and
recipes delivered to your door get 16
free meals plus 3 free gifts with code
face 16 at hellofresh.com
face 16.
[Music]
dude i [__] the second king's orlando
magic i don't get it what about the
coyotes the coyotes are moving to a
stadium that seats 3 000 people no
are you serious yes because they got
kicked they forgot to pay rent on their
current stadium
and then they paid it they're like oh it
was a mistake we just forgot they're
like no you [__] for how this works
you guys just decided not to pay it [__]
you we're kicking you out even though we
built this arena specifically for you
we're not gonna let you lease here again
so they needed to panic make an arena
and the only arena in the area that they
could go to is a college arena and
they'd have to like readjust it so
they'd remove its 5 000 seats currently
and they've removed 2 000 seats to make
it nhl like ready yeah so they'll spend
the next three years in a 3 000 seat
arena that's insane their arena in like
i've been to
that arena like you know been like in
that area like where that arena is it's
huge it's really nice everything's like
built up around it and everything why
would they stop why that's insane
they're terrible what uh what's gonna
happen to the nice arena uh they said
they're just gonna try to pivot away and
find other things to book through it i
don't know if that means musical events
or whatever you know you know change it
to concerts and stuff like that yeah
it's built in the middle like they built
all like this dining and shopping and
everything around it's like in the
middle of like you know it's like the
way that every arena is now where like
there's just [__] around it you know
what they should do they should turn it
into the world's largest starbucks it
would be packed all the time
we should uh we should just see if we
can get the naming rights to the thing
that isn't for the coyotes anymore
oh yeah why starbucks uh because i've
never been to a starbucks that doesn't
have a line of 400 cars in front of it
clearly there's demand
you got to go to bookstores i like a
star nobody well i mean don't get me
wrong i love books but i don't think
you're going to fill an arena with book
fans
no i'm saying starbucks the starbucks
and bookstores never have lights
at least where i live yeah there's zero
cars at the starbucks inside of a
bookstore at uh i will say this in aw
like austin is one of those like [__]
austins of foodie city right so they
have like tons of [__] we're recording i
heard that uh
it's time uh there's gavin too anyway uh
austin's a coffee city and they have a
bunch of snobby coffee shops but that
being said uh starbucks has
drive-throughs and every drive-through
is slammed
morning gavin good morning good morning
do you drive through for coffee yeah i
drive through for coffee all the time i
they got rid of the
fat free fruit swirl and i've been i
lost they lost me you know what they
changed their small pies what starbucks
yes they used to have these mini apple
pies that were great oh what i'm a big
fan of at starbucks is the black coffee
and they still have it like no matter
when i go no matter what time of day if
i can get through the line there's a
black coffee waiting for me they never
run out they have that [__] stocked to
the gills i appreciate it i didn't know
until very recently that you could put
cream in a black coffee i thought it
would lose its title of blackness
wait what huh
what did you think it becomes
well well i just i don't i thought that
it immediately once you put cream in it
it was no longer a black coffee i
thought a black coffee was just nothing
but the coffee isn't that what it is
i think once you put in sugar it no
longer is a black coffee or is it cream
as well
what
i don't know i don't i don't drink
coffee i
i order black
i
will say
in uh in australia and other places
outside of the u.s if you put cream in a
coffee or milk they call it a flat white
right flat white okay
so some some hemispheres i think you're
correct
okay you order a black coffee in
australia they look at you like you're
an [__] and you're like i get it i am
but
i'm not sure why
you get that reaction you're creating
less work i'd assume it's the most
simplistic form of concepts i think in
australia they pride themselves on their
work when it comes to coffee that is a
like commissioning a famous artist and
just being like hey can you paint me a
white canvas yeah they uh they take it
so [__] seriously over there they uh
they're newer to the coffee game but
like i had a joke about this in
australia for stand up uh when we did
the the tour a couple years ago they uh
they kicked out starbucks
starbucks closed 70 of all of their
coffee shops in australia it's the only
place on earth that isn't starbucks
isn't destroying and it's just because
the australians are like it's not good
enough we're that snobby about our
coffee they take it so seriously every
single australian
yeah pretty much all content have you
ever felt pressure when you're in like a
restaurant of that type like a subway or
something where you can customize your
order to like add things that you feel
like you're being judged if you don't
have enough items on your your your meal
or whatever your drink
whatever happens today i the first time
i went to subway i just had a turkey
sandwich just like playing just bread
and turkey and it's maybe the most
judged i've ever felt in my life
oh because they like go down the line
yeah because they go down the line and
there's like yup no don't want lettuce
don't want uh you can nope peppers don't
want that no cheese not a big fan of
cheese no you don't need the salt and
pepper at either uh don't need to toast
it just uh yeah just the bread and some
turkey please
thank you
is that really what you would get there
no not now i've evolved since then that
was my first my first subway experience
i was taken to a subway and i ordered
just a plain turkey nothing else just
honey out i think or whatever the honey
bread is i feel like subway is one of
the few places not that i've eaten there
the last 10 years but it's one of the
few places where i can get exactly what
i want because they encourage like going
down the line if there's just a place
with
a menu and you have to like just say all
the modifications up front i don't ever
do it because i just want to order
something that's a number typically i
can't eat at subway because their bread
tastes like wet chemicals but i agree
with you in theory you don't even have
to you just have to point at [__] you
know you know you know how but you just
point out
mcdonald's is like
entirely consistent no matter what
country you're in you can pretty much
get what you're used to subway is in so
many places there are so many subways
around the earth and they're all
completely different oh yeah it's
strange to me like new zealand makes a
lot of the bread for subway and it blows
my [__] mind the idea of like you
going into a subway and leaving with
bread that was made in an entirely
different country it's just so weird for
me to process
like all the where it was all sourced
like it's [__] wild i'll tell you the
weird thing is how processed that bread
is for to be able to survive that trip
uh when millie and i i'm not like i said
i'm not a huge subway fan but when
millie and i were we went to a vacation
uh like a daddy daughter vacation to
iceland a couple years ago at this point
like maybe
i don't know three or seven or twelve
years ago whatever it was and uh
that city i love iceland but reykjavik
shuts down at like 7 p.m i feel like or
at least when we were there and so there
were like we ate subway almost every
night because it was the only place open
at like 8 p.m and our food schedule is
all backwards and so we i spent so much
[__] time in the subway in reykjavik
iceland and it it's not the same as the
subway in america but it's also not good
and i bet it was expensive as [__] yeah
probably what what's your bread
preference what's your go-to bread in
the world no not not in general in
subway not generally it's way too broad
of a question we're talking subway
they've got like six spreads i like the
idea that there's something that's too
broad of a question for us
[__] white bread just white bread
okay that's fine
i'm a flatbread guy doesn't sound like
gab has been in there ten years in the
last ten years that's why remember gavin
hasn't been there since they've had six
breads
uh i was i always picked the third bread
the third bread is always the best bread
[Laughter]
no like 90 of the time the third bread's
the best bread
dude you gotta talk about good ass bread
though do they have uh jersey mike's up
in canada no not where i live oh dude if
you ever get a chance to eat jersey
mike's rosemary parm
you
ugh
it's a shame you can only eat it once i
don't know if this is controversial i'm
a quiznos guy because that's good i like
me quiznos i like quizness they've got a
uh honey mustard chicken sub fantastic
it's perfect best sandwich out there in
my opinion oh hey by the way should we
talk uh
should we start the show yeah it's eight
or six six years
hello and welcome to another episode of
the face podcast my name is jeff ramsey
and i sure am happy you're along for the
ride today uh along with us in the car
andrew panton over there in canada we'll
have it free in austin texas by way of
uh
her majesty's england and uh
in the background making everything work
we got eric and nick and we're all awake
at eight in the morning having fun and
fellowship together wanted to start our
day off right the best way to start your
day off is with a little bit of face we
agree so uh
everybody got up eight o'clock for us
here in texas six a.m for andrew
not sure who recommended that we start
at 6am for andrew but i love it and he's
been in a great mood all morning i'm
great i just didn't sleep yeah it's
definitely my
fault that it's at 8am but is was it my
suggestion i think it might have been i
think it might have might be a double
whammy it might have been well i'm
excited though this is going to be an
interesting process of a day
i didn't sleep i don't know what
recording i expected the morning one to
be the one i suffered it might be the
evening we might have a complete flip of
what i thought would happen how many
hours till we record again
uh 12
13 14 13 13 14 hours till we record the
next episode we're gonna record another
one so we're doing um uh the the morning
the zany morning face show and then
it was said it was put to us that we had
to do three this week and uh someone
wanted to do two on tuesday but i'm busy
all of tuesday so we decided just to put
it at either end of the busy yeah we're
just gonna make you a little extra busy
we sandwiched the business
so it even 1 8 a.m and one at 10 p.m
eleven filming
11 p.m it's at 11.
i thought it was i thought it was 10-2 i
looked last night
laughed when i saw it was 11 for you
guys there's no that's 11. that's it we
[__] andrew and then at the beginning of
the day and he [__] us at the end of
the day that's how it works
and then nobody's happy
i assume we all woke up within the last
hour right
i kind of slept
seven yeah
that was my first question
look right six isn't
three a.m
like three yeah stay up right no six is
like the next day it's the next morning
no no no listen cory boy
i tried to go to sleep and i kept waking
up every 45 minutes that i slept through
my alarm so i said [__] it i'm just
gonna stay up
and so i've just been up since like i
don't know 2am what have you been doing
what have you been doing with your time
i i just uh largely in the bathtub just
stretched out in the bathtub in the
general call waiting to see what was
going on
i said it
what time did you join the call
i joined the call i tweeted whenever i
tweet i tweeted at like three a.m that
i'm i'm joining the call for
pleasantries i've been in like 3am i've
been ready for pleasure i'm a very
pleasant morning the way you handle
something that could be just solved with
two alarms is unbelievable i set three
of them i didn't trust them i didn't
trust them
can you imagine not trusting three
alarms here's what i don't trust about
it i changed my all of my [__] alert
noises to gavin going ooh
oh no
and i wasn't sure if the alarm would
also be that and i think i would sleep
through that so i just i was having like
reoccurring nightmares essentially
sleeping through the show
so then i couldn't get to sleep and i
thought if i'm only going to sleep at
30-minute bursts like i don't know
what i'll be more tired doing that i
think than if i just stay up so i'll
tell you who is who's apparently the
most tired out of all of us is i just
looked over is my my co-pilot henry
hatfield he is uh he's in his
normal little day bed that he sits in
where he squeaks and he's just [__]
snoring away he is out of it it is way
too early in the morning for him he's
like i'm not ready to clock in on the on
the squeak [__]
he's gonna be disappointed leia
that he missed one yeah he is he's also
he goes to bed early too so he i doubt
he'll be up at 11 pm tonight well andrew
i think you've wrecked yourself here
because you have work to do between the
recordings no i'm not this is i think
i'm sharper than i've ever been with
this approach i'm
i'm excited for the sandwich of a of a
day and of a bet
i realized i don't have anything to lose
i think based on
what we've talked about before i guess
the losing is just having to do the work
what is the bet so we were playing halo
like last week
and i asked gavin a question and his
response i said i think i could have had
a million guesses and i wouldn't have
ever
said
what the answer to the question was i
mean jordan
say the uh question i don't remember
what the question was
oh yes
andrew's always asking very inquisitive
questions while i play halo he's uh you
know get to know each other even still
to this point of course he asked me he
asked me why i was interested in or how
i got into slow-mo what made me
interested in it and i said it was an
episode of tom and jerry where
i think tom makes some sort of
high-speed camera to catch a very fast
mouse that's eating the cheese that he
can't see with his human eyes or cat
eyes and i was like oh that's really
interesting and that was like the first
thing that got me intrigued by it as a
child and andrew said that in a million
guesses he wouldn't have guessed tom and
jerry and i said to him
i don't think you could name a million
things
tom and jerry would have to be in there
because i don't think he could name a
million other things i i think he's
greatly underestimating how many things
i know
i know so many to him
i put it to him that given a day he
couldn't even name 20 thousand things so
what how do you name twenty thousand
things
i'm gonna open a word document and i'm
just gonna start writing the things i
know
i can you do can you do a favor can you
do can i add to this of course
after you complete your word document
can you
record yourself saying the twenty
thousand things that's a great idea i
would love to release that as a piece of
content so i didn't consider that twenty
thousand things so
that the bet is if i can complete the
twenty 000 things gavin has to print
them
we had a debate about font size it has
to be a single digit font size should be
no higher than font size nine
no higher than font size and i don't
know i don't know how many pages that's
gonna be but i'm very excited i'm i'm
committed to this but we need to clarify
a few things so we just need to make
sure the rules i don't want to break any
rules or cheat so what what are the
rules what are the restrictions i can't
copy and paste you can't copy and paste
i think you can't you can't just like
google things i'm not allowed to google
at all i think you just have to sit in
front of a word pad a notepad and just
think away at 20 000 different things
what if i walk away for a little bit and
i get inspiration like what if a seagull
flies by my window and i'm like fine
absolutely fine okay so it's anything
that i can think of as well as what i
encounter in the world without
specifically searching for it yeah and
you can't just write a list of words
like a word isn't a thing okay
but you could write google google's a
thing google google here's the thing
yeah
i'll do that google what about whatever
okay what about can i can i do multiple
things
if they're different if they're
different things but they're they're
written the same what do you mean
can i claim pork and beans the food and
pork and beans the weezer song
yes
yeah
that's what she thinks okay
[__] easy i could do this by the time
we're done recording this is gonna index
really high on google by the way when we
release this because the number one
thing when you search for 20 000 things
is just 20 000 things you can buy with
20 000 huh i should have i in my head
andrew's gonna be
flying out of the gate thing thing thing
it's gonna be crazy it's gonna be not
gonna stop but after about 4 000 things
a few hours in i think he's really going
to be struggling for things you think 4
000 is the line i'm gonna hit yeah i
think you i think that would be a wool
do you think like that's like the bad
part of the marathon when you're like i
don't know if i can do it i'm at mile
19. i can't believe i have seven more to
go well because you've got to have all
this done by 11 p.m tonight yes so how
many things is so how many hours
till what is that that's going to be 13
hours so 20 000 divided by
is
1538 things an hour divided by 60. okay
i have another question 25 things a
minute
oh you can do a thing every two seconds
that's fine
i have another rules clarification
yeah i don't have a portable computer
if i go on the road can i use my phone
and then copy and paste what i wrote in
my phone to my word document well here's
the thing that you're to want is you're
going to want access to the word
document because i assume you want to
have a system where you pre i assume you
don't have a system oh my computer's
freaking out so it's like flashing my
face
it's like
blinding me i don't know what's going on
it's like someone not only
i'm sure peter always does this at 8 16
every morning you just never wait to see
it
i've never seen a computer issue cause
somebody to have a human issue like you
lost the inability to speak because your
computer was broken now what it is is
that my screensaver tries to start but
it freaks out for like five seconds
flashing [__] in my face before it
actually starts
here's what you're gonna want you're
gonna want it so that when you press
enter it numbers uh it like increments
one number
yes i agree you know what it counted as
you go so either your google doc or you
need a word doc that you can
i think google doc well okay who has to
verify that there's 20 000 if that
breaks is it me i have to do that
independently later
because i'm saying let's say it's let's
say we get to six o'clock and i'm
running out of thanks
if i just go to a bookstore and just
look around at the books
i can't bring my computer with me do i
have to catalog that well first of all
can i copy and paste if i write it on my
phone to then my computer and then do i
have to catalog that properly within my
time limit or can i do that after it
seems that eric is is wanting to chime
in with some rules here just use a
google doc you can get the numbered
thing because you can take a google doc
on your phone
it's a great point you don't have to
copy and paste anything it is just it's
in a cloud which is not a place but a
thing that you can access
and then
i'm telling you this the numbering is on
you this is i'm being crystal clear
the numbering from the beginning it
better start with one and go
sequentially
this is not a oh man it started
numbering and then it became dots it
better be numbers front to back here
here's another clarification do i need
to label the specific things can i just
write pork and beans twice or do i have
to write pork and beans song pork and
beans you have to you have yeah because
we're not going to go through 20 000
things and go what did you mean by pork
and beans twice and you go i don't know
because when we started this you said i
don't remember the question you asked me
so yeah clarify the best that you can
yeah we're gonna have to search for
duplicates at the end right yeah to make
sure and if there are two of the same
entry without an in-brackets
clarification of two different things
then we've got a problem i think i
should get a window to clarify and if i
can't and that's clearly i [__] up and
i will take a loss on that and worst
case scenario if he doesn't number it we
can always just copy it and paste it
into excel and count okay if if he
doesn't number it then jeff can copy it
and paste it into excel
i don't know what you would give i don't
know why you would give him an inch why
why would you give him a niche i learned
this from gus i learned this from guess
why would you give him an inch why
to what to who's benefit
to the audience
the insane google docs i'll make this
right now things i know
i don't know many things but i do know a
lot of things
i don't know many things but i do know
exactly 20 000.
yes how many do you think i'll get jeff
what do you think of the odds of this
coming together i think you'll you'll
get as far into this as your as your
decision to watch all of season two of
salt lake city uh real housewives so i
imagine one you'll get one in
i'm trying
yeah it's not hard as if
what was if you if i win
nothing we didn't that was a mistake i
think on your end as we agreed to the
terms and i think my punishment is that
i spent my day attempting to write 20
000 things that i'd
ever at every point of especially the
fact that i haven't really slept going
into this day at every moment of this
day after we're done recording you will
know exactly what i'm trying to do
unless you knock out 20 000 things by
lunch that's true
oh dude write down lunch that's one of
the things that's that's great
i'm just thinking about all the breads
in subway
since
since we decided this he's been texting
me just the occasional thing gotta
stretch my prowess gotta show him i'm
the real baby earlier this week he
he just text me wheel of fortune paprika
two different things right there
[Laughter]
i
he's just giving me options it's i don't
know what he's doing he's not taking
this seriously
i can't wait to see how many pages this
[__]
thing
i can't figure out because it's such a
weird task i can't figure out whether
it's really difficult or really easy i
think it's impossible you think it's
impossible you're not gonna do this
you're not gonna come close
you think it's impossible i'll be amazed
if you get the three thousand really
you're gonna lose you're gonna lose your
mind i don't think so i'm excited to
present this list later it's the day
it's a funny idea for about 20 minutes
and then you look up and you're like i
still have 12 hours and i better i'm
behind i gotta get going that's your
miscalculation i don't think this is
funny at all i just think this is gonna
be a thing i can do i don't think it's
gonna be difficult i don't think it's
amusing going in i i'm just so
interested to
find out where you stopped because
you're going to have
so many things ready to go in your head
you're literally not going to stop
typing at the beginning until
you don't have a word ready to go so
i'm fascinated to know is that 50 words
in or is that a thousand i don't i have
no idea when that will be for you so how
many what's the math on this i need 25
words a minute for the entirety of yeah
yeah yeah uh and the longer you're on
this podcast the less time you have
that's a lot that's true i calculated 13
hours but it'll be four it'll be 12
hours when no is that right i got a
heart out now well i mean we might who
knows how long we're going to go for
that i do
i do
i know how long i'll be here got words
to write i got a document to make three
thousand you could be right i could be
greatly it reminds me of there is uh in
the challenge one of the eliminations
was you had to lift
a thing filled with random items
and one of the items was watermelons so
like the two people have to go back and
forth and be like i can lift 40
watermelons and eventually one of you
would say
do it and if you did it then the other
person was eliminated and if you
couldn't then you were eliminated and i
think they got the like 33 watermelons
and the guys like do it and the other
guy just lifted it effortlessly and he
was like i guess i don't really know
what a watermelon weighs like there's no
i've never considered
so we're gonna find out i could be
greatly overestimating this word thing
the math
problem why don't we do a test minute
no i can't do a test minute what if we
just start a minute you have to name
vocally and this is great practice
things endlessly for the minute could
you do it uh well i'm in the dark so
this is gonna be a uh i would i'd rather
be in light to do okay turn the lights
on like no no no no no no wait you're
like
can i write these i did pay my electric
bill can i raise
this could be preliminary work so i get
one minute right now and i could put in
whatever i want to for the next minute
yeah yeah are you gonna type as you as
you say or are you gonna just say
uh i think i i'm gonna type i'm going to
type as i say okay let me i mean i made
a google doc i don't want to do that i
want to make a spreadsheet go to google
spreadsheets so one minute yeah i can do
whatever i want and i'll give you the go
ahead and i'll time it for a minute
okay this is going to be
i didn't expect this this is a this is a
sneaky tactic by you you caught me off
my game
[Laughter]
i was not prepared for this
okay all right let me know when you're
ready i'm loading in right now i'm not
even gonna name the spreadsheet
okay
ready
all right give me a candy cane we can't
death for one minute you better you have
to say say out loud as you type so we
can okay all right three two one go
vin diesel
chimpanzee
hockey
skateboarding
tony hawk
bob bird quest
rodney mullen
tony hawk pro skater 2
i'm right i'm actually talking faster
than i'm typing so i just wrote
skateboarding two times in a row tony
hawk
bob birdquest
i'm not even oh god this is i'm falling
apart okay i'm just going to rapidly
talk how much time do i have left 25
seconds turning our procedure three tony
hawk pro skater four tony hawk pro
skater uh uh american wasteland uh tony
hawk pro skater ride uh guitar hero
guitar herotio guitar hero 3 guitar hero
aerosmith edition uh guitar hero ac dc
uh
rock band rock man 2 rock band 3
rock band the beatles rock fan
uh guitar a bass guitar oh stop
anybody have a count on how many things
that was
i
i bro i couldn't i lost i had lost the
ability to type at four i spelt tony
hawk tony hw ak
and i spelt chimpanzee with a j
uh i think i just counted seventeen
things
there's
tony's seventeen i did i wrote tony
whack
so
it's become clear
that andrew can get there if he knows 20
000 athletes in video games that's it oh
i at least know a thousand of those
that's a pretty good
technique
uh numbering
different iterations of the same thing
is smart yeah
because they are different things yeah
vastly different things halo 5 is very
different from a hit from halo reach i
don't even did i have you touched on
halo that you're just giving me halo now
jeff you just come on man i'd like i
think it's saved me seven games this
[__] bet came from halo i assumed
[Laughter]
[Applause]
introduction talk about how your
business is off to a good start this
year but you realize things aren't
getting any less crazy well both of
those statements are true uh face is
doing better than ever right now uh
we're in a growth period and things are
definitely not getting any less crazy we
are uh we are making stuff we are
releasing bonus content we're inventing
products we're doing it all and online
shipping
is a big part of that and it's not going
to slow down anytime soon is your
business ready to keep up the pace well
with shipstation you'll never worry
about shipping again what a thing think
about all the worrying you do about
shipping right now think of it
encapsulate it put it into a ball like
yeah like a little ball of tin foil and
then throw it behind you because it's in
the past you don't give a [__] about
stress anymore when it's related to
shipping make the switch to a solution
that handles all of your shipping needs
quickly affordably and painlessly
shipstation is already trusted by over a
hundred thousand e-commerce sellers it's
like advil for your shipping keep track
of orders for any sales channel easily
find the best shipping carrier with
deeply discounted rates automate just
about any shipping task with just a few
clicks click click click click
my favorite thing about shipstation is
the ease of use and the money you save
speaking of saving money why not also
save time by funneling all of your
orders into one simple interface no
matter where you're selling manage every
order amazon ebay etsy or your own
website from anywhere even at the beach
even on your phone at the library no
more headaches from dealing with returns
and return tracking shipstation just
makes it easy so save your sanity
knowing that your orders are being
handled and you're getting the best
rates and make shipping the easy part of
having an online store so ship in less
time with shipstation use my offer code
face to get a 60 day free trial that is
two months free of no hassle stress free
shipping just go to shipstation.com
click on the microphone at the top of
the page and type in face that's f-a-c-e
ship station make ship happen this
podcast is sponsored by better help
online therapy relationships take work a
lot of us will drop anything to go help
someone we care about we'll go out of
our way to treat other people well but
how often do we give ourselves the same
treatment it's really important to focus
on yourself as much as you do other
people whether that be
um self-care or therapy
as just making the same investment is is
vital or else in my experience you will
burn out this month better help online
therapy wants to remind you to take care
of your most important relationship the
one you have with yourself
whether it's hitting the gym making time
for your haircut or even trying therapy
you are your greatest asset so invest
the time and effort into yourself like
you do for other people
if you are on the fence or if you've
been thinking about trying therapy i
would highly recommend it it's something
that made a big impact in my life and
i would hope that it does the same for
you
better help is online therapy that
offers video phone and even live chat
sessions with your therapist so you
don't have to see anyone on camera if
you don't want to
it's much more affordable than in-person
therapy and you can be matched with a
therapist in under 48 hours give it a
try and see why over 2 million people
have used better help online therapy
this podcast is sponsored by better help
and face listeners get 10 off their
first month at betterhelp.com face
that's b-e-t-t-e-r-h-e-l-p
dot com slash face thank you
so that's my dad what about you guys
what are your plans for today what's
what i actually uh i need to make an
apology to gavin real fast oh
gavin i'm sorry okay
nah that was sincere i really am sorry
do i know what this is is in reference
to oh do i have to say why
oh [__]
in general it's generic why do you why
do you think i would be sorry
uh
oh is it oh is it because when you were
mad but i didn't realize you were bad no
no that's funny uh that was just me
being fully funny uh i was only
pretending that anyway uh when i told
you i was taking a timeout for my
friendship
[Laughter]
and then you you started texting me and
i told you i would only respond to you
during work hours because we're
co-writers
i wanted just to add some some
additional context to that jeff we were
playing halo at that time or maybe it
was after and gavin was like i think
jeff's really mad at us i think he's mad
at me
there's genuine concern in gavin's part
that you oh good well you know yeah i
was worried i get it i'm the best friend
anybody could have i would hate to [__]
that up too
uh no i apologize to you gavin because
when we planned this
i promised i i said that i was going to
get up early and i was going to drive to
get breakfast for you and i was going to
take it
at your house oh yeah
and i didn't but i it was on the agenda
i actually had a plan i was gonna go
yesterday and i was gonna buy a bunch of
uh i was gonna buy a bunch of uh
cucumbers and i was gonna stick them in
a bag and then i was gonna throw
i was gonna throw i was going to go to
taco burrito or some taco place get a
couple breakfast tacos throw them in a
bag with cucumbers and i was going to
scale the side of your house throw them
in there and then leave and then tell
you on camera like we were in the
podcast that they were tacos waiting for
you
i didn't get i didn't get to it because
of uh i had a bad day yesterday and uh
it threw me off my game but uh
do you guys remember
sorry go ahead
oh i think that was i'm fine with that
apology because
it's sort of you messing with me you're
apologizing for not messing with me yeah
i mean the tacos would have still been
good tacos
that's true if you'd if you'd have
replaced them entirely with cucumbers no
that would have been cucumbers and real
tacos i just have decided that i'm never
going to put anything on your front door
unless it
includes cucumbers from here on out
uh
i uh you guys remember how like for
about a solid year i had um just a
tremendous amount of teeth problems
yes yeah well
i hesitate
oh my god
no do you guys remember that root canal
i got that which five the five root
canals in one tooth
not the surprise uh the root canal no
not the other two but the the initial
one that kicked it all off yeah five
sets like two months i had another dude
jeff has had so many root canals that it
could be like a police lineup that we
need to try to identify there's like
seven of them it's like root canal three
and five please step forward and say ow
jeffree canal too jeffree canal three
i uh i was eating some hard candy on
saturday oh no
i bit on it and uh i just had like a
weird pain in the back of my
one of my my one of my molars and i
thought oh that's weird a little
sensitive and then sunday it started to
be a little sore monday morning i woke
up from the pain at about 5 a.m
excruciating
and
[Music]
went to the dentist
and uh
there's a it's a long like six hour
story about
just incompetence and [__] going wrong
and usually i delight in telling those
but i don't want to yell right now
because my mouth yes and i just i don't
have the i don't have the energy to be
angry so i'm not going to go into all
the
particular ways the dentist and the
pharmacy
and everyone in austin [__] me over
yesterday but every one of you
[__] know who you are
every single one of you knows what your
incompetence did to me knows the hours
it took out of my life knows the pain
you caused me and karma will find you
i'll tell you that right now
you six or seven
just miserable sons of [__] out there
it's not going to be me but some the
universe will get revenge for what
you've done to me i'll just say that
that's all i'm going to say for
everything that went on yesterday that's
all i'm going to say i'm too upset to
talk to get into it but i went to the
dentist eventually uh and uh
they were like oh yeah looks like uh
i'm not gonna get mad once they once i
convinced them that it was the tooth
that it was i didn't have to fight with
the lady anymore is this the same
dentist
well that's part of the problem that's
part of the problem uh i went to my
dentist and my dentist is no longer
there my dental company is a different
has a different name on it now my
dentist's office and most of the people
are there but my dentist is gone and so
all of a sudden i have a new dentist
under
i have no idea what happened there uh
but it made me think about a story
uh which i can get into later uh so
anyway i got to meet a new dentist
yesterday under a new name because my
dental company is now something else and
uh they took an x-ray eventually when
they figured out how to take x-rays at
the place where they take x-rays all day
every day
and uh they were like oh yeah it looks
like uh when you had your root canal um
maybe that sometimes there can be like a
side channel that doesn't get seen can't
wasn't showed up and anyway so you've
got like a little infection there uh so
we'll just need to um we'll just need to
go in and take that out and i go
please do because this is like i'm in
excruciating pain and she's like well i
can't you know it's you're gonna have to
go to the endodontist who did it last
time because they have like a special
equipment to get into this thing and so
um
uh best of luck and so i called the
endodontist
eventually there were a bunch of uh
points of failure between the these
times
and uh when when i eventually convinced
them to give me the correct endodontist
uh i argued that successfully
uh the endodontist was like yeah we can
see you next thursday
and i was like boy i'm in a lot of pain
today and they're like yeah cool uh
we'll hold on to that and we'll see you
next thursday
so i called every endodontist in austin
and uh no one can see me ironically
every endodontist in the city uh in the
11th largest city of america the uh
austin texas every endodontist has an
appointment next thursday
nothing
between now and next thursday
probably 30 30 endodontists all are free
next thursday
do you think that's very busy
very busy between now and then some of
them not all of them uh so uh anyway
the pain was unbearable uh i asked for
pain meds uh to which they uh refused to
give me uh so i am uh
but they did give me antibiotics and
they swore that the antibiotics mixed
with motrin would help it go away and so
yesterday was one of the longest days of
most painful days of my life uh and uh
eventually it did go away and i was able
to get to sleep and so far so good this
morning although it's tentative but um
yeah i gotta get another root canal next
thursday
i gotta re-root canal my my rooted canal
because they didn't root canal the first
five times weren't enough so next
thursday
uh i'm getting uh my first and hopefully
only root canal of 2022 thought the
other three were behind me thought the
13 months of hell dental health were
behind me but turns out they were it was
it was just uh there was like a little
little bomb waiting in my mouth
at what point do you just pull them all
out get a completely fake set of teeth
um i dude i'm i i i don't know soon
[Laughter]
[__] who needs teeth
i feel like you may be close to setting
a record for the most root canals on a
singular tooth
you have to be near it
yeah
what is this this is i don't even like
this [__] tooth anymore no this would
be i mean
one root canal
that took five sessions right and then
uh so this will be this and this will be
retreating that canal so this would be
the sixth time they've drilled into this
for this problem do you have a ranking
of teeth do you have a favorite tooth uh
i have a lisa i have a least favorite
tooth i'll tell you that there's a
bottom tier
yeah i will say on the bright side one
piece of good news we haven't really
talked about it but one piece of good
news uh
guess who tested negative for covid
today finally yeah hey
13 days straight testing positive with
no symptoms and this was an at home test
or is this like at home test i'm gonna
after this i'm gonna leave and go get a
test at roost but uh
yeah finally my first negative i i've
been living in my spare bedroom for two
weeks
not interacting with my girlfriend
uh
well i've interacted with millie because
she was also uh had it for a little bit
but um she got better weeks ago or
forever ago so yeah uh as of today i can
by the way people don't give a [__]
about covid i told the dentist i'm like
i i'm testing positive for covered but i
don't have symptoms i haven't in over a
week and they're like where are you [__]
come on in so wow yeah that's
interesting and then in your mouth
yeah i know that's what i was thinking
too where it is yeah they were like
do you think that there's any connection
to that and and everybody on the planet
only willing to see you in a future
thursday do you think there's anything i
don't know
i don't know i don't know maybe that's
what did it maybe a little bit covered
go in your tooth so i googled that
at five in the morning when i was in
excruciating pain and uh yeah there's i
read that google has some people that
are saying that but then i talked to the
dentist and the dentist was like that's
stupid so
imagine if that created a new variant
yeah
god damn enamel crown
[Laughter]
well that sucks that's the worst i don't
know it's great i don't have code
anymore it's awesome
the other part sucks
i'm just trying to be positive
is there any i don't i don't understand
how dentistry works
why haven't you just pulled that tooth
at this point what is the reason for
keeping it why are we holding onto this
tooth i assume i need it to chew and
stuff
i feel like you certainly have enough of
other teeth i mean i'd rather when in
doubt keep your teeth
i think for sure i think we've crossed
the line of doubt though
i guess that's right i'd put the
statement oh
man i got uh
i got a lot of time and money invested
in this tooth i'm not giving up on it
i'm not letting it throw in the tooth
towel [__] no
i am uh i am uh bound and determined
that this will be the only time i do
this this year though well andrew do you
have have you you seem to have very
little experience with a dentist do you
have your wisdom teeth and stuff yes i
do
i haven't had them removed and they're
fine they didn't come in like all messed
up no yeah well i don't i don't yeah i
think i'm good i'm actually i'm i'm
heavily relying on those wisdom teeth
for the
[Laughter]
tooth
if the first if the first two if the
first 500 things you wrote you write
are
sequential to this podcast we'll know
you were cheating and writing [__] down
now but while the podcast was going oh
he'll have to mix them up in the
spreadsheet to throw yeah if he writes
like he writes like
cucumber bag
taco
breakfast
tooth covered negative positive test
we're gonna know buddy root
canal root canal
canal
that's three things right there
just think of all the compound words you
can turn into three things that's
amazing
um
what would you so you're invested in
this tooth
is there any thought of if you pulled it
turning it into something else
you're a chain guy
would you ever have like the tooth on a
chain like maybe a gold could you dip it
in gold what could you do with this
tooth if i were to have this tooth
removed
what i would do is i would uh i would
put it in a trebuchet and i would launch
it to the
moon i want it as far away from me and
this planet and our atmosphere and the
gravity of earth as possible i would
like to break through and launch it into
deep space and i would like it to float
through eternity
uh
every day getting further and further
away from my mouth
you're either in my mouth or you are
against my mouth and if you are against
my mouth you better get as far
the [__] away from my mouth as you can
muster and don't ever stop don't it's
not far enough no matter how far you've
traveled through the universe it's not
far enough away keep going
now outside of the things in your mouth
is there anything else against your
mouth or is everything against your
mouth currently in your mouth the
there's nothing against my mouth right
now okay and i have a tooth and i are
having a bit of a disagreement that's
been going on for about 15 months but
we're gonna work it out through a lot of
pain
a lot of drilling a lot of discomfort
a lot of sweating a lot of gripping the
seat and praying that like waiting to
raise my hand because it still hurts all
that uh all the trauma
uh that i've endured over the last year
and a half uh
ahead of me next week i'm supposed to go
out of town this weekend how the [__] am
i um
so are we gonna have to move
face on thursday
uh no it's at 7 30 in the morning
oh great faces or the the no no my tooth
deal is at 7 30. and i've done half of
the podcasts i've done have been after a
root canal so i i just that's true are
we recording normal time thursday i
assume if gavin can ask are you around a
record gup uh i think so okay i'm
excited i was we got mvp2 on the
calendar we got a second movie we got
some stuff on the calendar i'm very
looking forward to
yeah we just
so when does the supplemental piece that
we recorded come out when we organized
today oh
that's a great question i don't i don't
know it's not coming out hopefully it
comes out before this so people will
[Laughter]
understand what goes into planning
anything which by the way i would like
to say uh if the audience has watched
that i don't listen to that like 20 25
minute little thing we did
uh
that wasn't
for
content right that's just what it's like
we just decided to record because we
were we had just been recording but
that's what it's like for eric i would
say seven out of ten times he has to
schedule anything for us but barrett can
weigh in on that yeah by the time this
is out so this is episode number 92
this will be out uh the first week of
march um that supplemental piece will
have come out after 91 so on the uh like
the 25th 26th so you can you can listen
to that now
uh just know that we started rolling on
that probably
halfway through the conversation
of trying to get that schedule so before
what you hear there's another 15 minutes
of trying to get an answer and trying to
get things scheduled
so we just decided i guess we'll just
start rolling on this and see what
happens uh
halfway through trying to figure it out
um
yeah
and that's and that
like
what happened just now was a very small
piece of that where
hey will you be here for next for
thursday when we do this episode and
gavin just gave a maybe
but as established a maybe is yes just i
feel very strongly about
the way today and tomorrow go we'll
determine that
[Laughter]
is there any is there any way we can
influence today to go well like
we need help
i can be on set again
we can push it later
to guarantee that i'll be there
the recording yeah
for next thursday yeah for the 17th you
want to push it later
why if you if you want a definite answer
yeah you can push it later if you need
to
hold on this thursday
right this thursday are you talking
about the 10th or the 17th i think we're
talking the 10th here we're not we're
talking this week i assume and not we're
talking about we're talking whenever
jeff said next thursday is when he can
get his tooth worked on that's on me
that's hey i haven't slept that's on me
i missed that i thought we're talking
this thursday
don't use that as an excuse you said you
feel great you feel sharper than ever
yeah
you're not allowed to say well i didn't
sleep listen you're firing on all
cylinders this is right down cylinder
dulled quickly
this is a dull knife at this stage
we're not literally
i think that minute you did really
gavin strategically took the win out of
my sales at that minute is what that was
right down the wind right on sales
i was not ready for it he made me sprint
in a marathon and i gotta re-gather i've
hit that wall
andrew i've also found out it's bailing
on this weekend's donkey kong
wow
okay
that's not true i i never this weekend
is a no-go cannot do this weekend and
that was established so if i did say
that i think you misheard i think i said
the weekend after the one that that
episode came out on
right but that's it came out today
the weekend after so it would be not
this weekend the following weekend the
weekend after the episode is this
weekend the weekend no the weekend after
okay the week of the episode so you're
doing
so you were strategic and that
yes this is a weekend night like i've i
can't there's i have stuff can't do it
this weekend it's busy man
established
so the following weekend but then i
think we have this exact same
conversation and the next one we record
and it is the same day
it's just more clear
in your defense of being confused i
remember feeling confused after
establishing that because i knew there
was one weekend in february i couldn't
do
but yeah i'm not worried about that
either i think that'll be easy i'm
excited and and as a reminder you're
playing all the way to the end of donkey
kong 64. all the way to the end to the
credits can we 44 hours to do 40 40.
we're really okay 44 hours that's a
great point we're also really bad at so
if i win you have to wear 64 pieces of
clothing on an rt podcast what happens
if i lose you have to eat 64 bananas oh
yes one every day i have to eat a banana
every day for 64 days okay thank you
stakes have been reset we know the
schedule
i can't imagine what day 65 is gonna be
like for you
like will it be the best non-banana day
of your life or will you be like yeah
you know i'm kind of used to bananas now
i'm kind of missing i think he'll miss
one anyway i think so too i think he'll
become a banana stand
i don't think i don't like the texture
the taste don't dude remember he said
bananas he didn't say what kind of
bananas there are more than a thousand
different variants of that's true
it's like apples people just don't
realize they all everybody's all in on
the cavendish banana i think it's
cavendish right but uh but there's like
there's many different textures and
styles and colors and shapes of banana
maybe not shapes but the other parts
for you to explore
what's your favorite banana shape
[Laughter]
would you enjoy banana if it was shaped
like an apple and had like a
you peeled it
in the same way
what do you mean like it just looks like
an apple but everything else about it is
a banana
yeah
no my issue with the banana isn't the
visual of the banana it's the texture i
actually think the visual the banana is
pretty good i think it's a visually a
pretty appealing fruit i agree it's fun
to open
it is i had a banana yesterday it was
[__] awesome
what's so funny about that it's
a lot of passion
yeah well it's it's soft man i can i
can't but if i look at like
if you make eye contact with my tooth it
knows
i'm so bummed that you have to go
through that again yeah me too that's
the [__] worst it's my own personal
hell it is really i'm not even kidding
like the worst thing that i can imagine
i felt such a sense of relief to be
finally done with all of that nightmare
especially after the last after the last
tooth uh the last week and i was pretty
rough uh and uh
i thought well at least that was the
last one i can't yell because because
the pain yeah
i'm [__] i'm gonna go insane
this i get i get that movie joker now
yeah
i don't know i like i like enthused
banana jeff if this is that's a
byproduct of this tooth issue
i'm always eating a banana well i know
but it's a different your delivery of it
was [__] awesome was like you looking
out into a field or something like the
grizzled
grizzled banana vet
it's [__] like
reminiscing about the good old days like
i had a banana the other day i've got
that thousand yard potassium stain
[Laughter]
you guys know the phrase thousand yard
stare comes from the military are you
familiar with that phrase i associate it
with that but i don't i don't yeah it's
like it's it's a phrase that they say
like guys in the military who have
killed people in action who have been in
battle uh have what's called a thousand
yard stare yeah or they just kind of see
through things uh that's [__] real i
know a lot of dudes in the army that had
that that is uh yeah i don't know i
don't know anybody who was in combat who
didn't have that is it just a case of
like when there's nothing else to think
about your mind just goes back to that
and you just stare off into the distance
i think it must be right it's like it's
always i never really talked about it
well i had one friend who had a bad and
i talked about it with him a little bit
but yeah he was like he was a gunner
on a helicopter
in panama and uh
he uh in some incursion and yeah he was
like he couldn't he would get choked up
if he talked about it too much but yeah
dude if you just like idle time they
would just sit and i can't imagine the
horrors replaying through their minds
but
you know this has to be the only time in
the history of the world in which a
person was expecting to hear a banana
fact and instead was sideswiped by the
horrors of war
listen
listen we don't talk about it a lot but
i spent five years in the united states
army so i got it's a totally fantastic i
just was not prepared for that i was
i was still thinking about the potassium
stare and the banana peels
i was thinking mario kart and you guys
know very real do you guys know where
the origin of uh slipping on banana
pills came from no so i'm this is i have
a faulty memory so i'm gonna be going
off memory but uh so i i may be getting
a few facts wrong but uh i believe uh
around the turn of the century
turn the 19th century 20th century
uh
littering was a huge [__] deal in new
york uh and people would just throw
trash around and i guess bananas were
very popular because they were cheap and
easy to come by and you could carry them
around they had a handle
and people were throwing [__] banana
peels and trash all over the street so
they started to say like if you throw a
banana peel on the ground they're not
slippery but you could slip and break
your leg it was like a scare tactic to
get people to stop littering but they
are slippery have you ever stood on one
uh
no maybe i don't think i've ever i don't
think i've ever
i don't think i've ever slept on a
banana peel
here we go uh here we go i [__] got
it right here hold on
hazard
okay in comical context banana peel is
also part of a classic physical comedy
slapstick visual gag the slipping of the
banana peel the gag was already seen as
classic in 1920s america it is traced
back to the late 19th century when
banana peel waste was considered a
public hazard in a number of american
towns although banana peel slipping
jokes date back to the 1850s they became
more popular beginning the 1860s where
large-scale importation of bananas made
them more readily available
uh
slipping out of banana peels
oh
i guess it was a it says slipping out of
banana peel was at one point a real
concern with municipal ordinances
governing the disposal of the peel yeah
so i guess it is from a little bit of
truth
maybe that's why the caution wet sign is
yellow think about that
i love i love
uh
oh well check it out before banana peel
jokes came into vogue orange peels and
sometimes peach skins
were generally seen as funny as well as
dangerous as well so it's just a fruit
problem fruit it's a problem and no it's
a it's a [__] people are disgusting
problem is what it is people were
littering in such droves that they had
to do something about it at least it's
biodegradable that's true i was really
expecting that to be a war story
i'm really like my reads for where these
banana tails are gonna go
yeah i have no sense of it this isn't a
bob for me
i had a terrible terrible guidance son
if we're going to [__] of war actual
fun banana facts
i don't think i have any more fun banana
facts hold on is the banana the
slipperiest fruit
it's definitely the most like it's the
poster for slippery food i mean as
as someone who worked in a supermarket i
watched a lot of old people eat it on
grapes
it was like
when i was at work at waitrose
it was my number one area to check
because
one grape goes on the floor and an old
an old lady will bite it
it was i was making a pass every like 10
15 minutes under the grapes just making
because people are animals people
they're picking through the grapes they
eat them they drop and they don't give a
[__]
people go down
did you guys know that bananas are
radioactive they contain small amounts
of the isotope potassium 40.
it is yeah well i think when originally
the 64 banana talk was happening gavin
was scared i'd die from the radiation
it says for it to be harmful you'd need
to eat close to 700 bananas a day for 80
years
oh damn better get to it
we got another we got another bet
that's about to say can you imagine
somebody who's like 30 years into it
we've been trying to get him to stop for
30 years but he just will not stop
eating 700 bananas a day dude bananas
cure depression if somebody ate 700
bananas a day they'd be the most
mentally adjusted person on earth i mean
okay if it kills you in 80 years it's a
pretty good life it's a pretty good life
80 years i'd take 80 years guaranteed
if that was something taking 80 years to
kill you
like oxygen does that anything
if that's a good point if i was playing
deal or no deal and the banker offered
80 years i would take 80 years
i'd be good with that for life for life
yeah how long do you think you're going
to live oh my why don't you complain
8 a.m how long do you plan on living as
long as humanly possible i don't know
there's factors yeah
i'm gonna live
we've had this we used to have this talk
all the time back in the day gavin wants
to die someday i don't i want to live
forever i want to i want them to put my
brain in something uh ted williams style
and i
upload my consciousness like that upload
show i want to be i want to live for
[__] ever and part of why i try so
hard uh at my career is so that i can
amass enough money to buy immortality
someday and i'm not anywhere close by
the way some people live so long they
watch their kids die of old age and i
think that's tragic i don't think i
don't think that's how long a human
should live what if i i would just
appreciate that if millie lived
one day longer than me now i wanted to
live forever times like plus whatever i
don't want her to die a day after me i
don't want to die ever but i don't plan
on outliving millie i plan on her living
the same genetics she's going to live
just as long as i will it reminds me of
why i don't want to live so long
because i'm because i'm curious about
stuff i'm still enjoying life is still
[__] awesome dude yeah if you put in
500 years you'll be an old man for 420
years of it who cares dude the celtics
are still gonna be playing i still got
basketball to watch i still got bananas
to eat they're soft i still got teeth to
drill like i they're stuck i guess i got
life to live
i can i got enough i have enough
enthusiasm and energy and curiosity to
live 10 lives concurrently dude one is
not gonna be enough
it reminds me of colin quinn had a heart
attack he's like 60 or whatever at this
point and he was like yeah i had a heart
attack and i realized now i'm gonna die
like up until this point i was kind of
on the fence if that was gonna happen to
me but now i feel pretty confidently one
day i will die
i appreciate your enthusiasm for living
this what's the point uh if you're not
gonna be excited about it no it's
completely fair i'm excited about the
next 50 years do you know how many
[__] donkey kong games are gonna come
out in the next 500 years for you guys
to do challenges on
what i do know is we need to wrap up the
show so i can start writing words now
we're coming up on an hour i need all
the time i can get that minute i mean so
we should we should end this episode
with a countdown
ooh
okay but then we gotta we gotta wait a
little bit because we have we have to
fill some time so maybe we should do
the outro and then we gotta do the outro
after the timer when do we do the time
remember
outro
nine you've gotta do all the outreach to
first hey this is the outro thanks for
listening to the today's podcast uh tune
in next week for us it'll be 11 hours
from now 12 hours an hour eight
seven seven six we really appreciate you
listening uh we liked it so much we said
a twice that's three times six
five
four
three
love your bunches don't forget to eat
your bananas potassiums cure depression
two
one
seven six why are we doing it again five
four three two one go that's me i don't
know why i'm saying go i'm so dumb that
i thought the audience would know
what it's seven for me i was like we
gotta time this exactly it doesn't
[__] matter this is gonna come out oh
you are gonna make you land on
stop talking it's over it's done what
are you doing you count it down he's
right it's done
all right let's stop bye
hey guys minor league fan jack here with
a look at next week's episode of face
the boys discuss proper flag etiquette
jeff finds a new e-bike to blow up
andrew doesn't understand google docs
the list begins with vin diesel discord
has a closed-loop g panton is moving his
bed gavin peed himself in front of a
celebrity and once again andrew does not
eat the pencil all that and more on next
week's episode of face